# Epigenetic regulation analysis for ovarian tumor-associated adaptive NK Cell using scATAC workflow (from a public dataset) and PySCENIC (from our smartseq3 data)

This repository contains all the organized codes.
It includes R scripts, Python scripts, and a small number of shell commands.



## 📄 Files Overview

- `scATACseq.R`: Main script for scATAC-seq workflow analysis in R.
- `scRNA_matched_scATAC.R`: R script processing the matched scRNA data.
- `Smartseq_data_before_pySCENIC.R`: Preprocessing Smart-seq data before running pySCENIC.
- `pySCENIC_downstream_analysis.py`: Downstream analysis and visualization of pySCENIC output.
- `pySCENIC_shell_script.sh`: Shell script for running pySCENIC pipeline components.
- `scATAC_pySCENIC_aNK.Rproj`: RStudio project file.
- `RDS_files`: All necessary RDS files for reproducibility.
- `In RDS_files`: 
- `IPLA_NK_merge.rds` :Smart-seq processed data merging Smartseq2 and Smartseq3
- `proj.NK.filter_final_with_all_analysis.rds` :scATAC processed data with all the necessary analyses
- `rna_merged_processed.rds`:scATAC-matched scRNA data merging all the patients
- `rna_NK.rds`:NK data extracted from scATAC-matched scRNA 
- `Motif-Matches-In-Peaks.rds`:contains the motif-to-peak match results generated by addMotifAnnotations 
- `Motif-In-Peaks-Summary.rds`:summarizes motif enrichment in peaks from addMotifAnnotations

## 📦 Requirements

All the required packages in R and dependencies in python have been listed in the scripts 


## 🔐 Note

If you need access to the some `.rds` files used in these analysis besides the shared ones, please contact me directly.  
Due to the confidentiality of the work (pre-publication), some of the data are not shared publicly.

## 📬 Contact

Yizhe Sun 
yizhe.sun@ki.se; Github profile: https://github.com/yizhesuncode
